readme.md, before:

## PR CLEANER

> Disclaimer: use at your own risk! This is very hardcoded and roughly done.

This project was made so that I could quickly interface with openshift cli and github to clean up open shift artifacts that were generated from the OCP-CD/CI Pipeline. There are many situations
in which the development namespace gets littered with artifacts that eat resources. 

> AGAIN DISCLAIMER THIS IS ONLY FOR THE DEVHUB-DEV OPENSHIFT PROJECT

How to get started
> requires node js 10
> requires jq `brew install jq` in mac osx
> requires oc cli

1. install packages `npm install`
2. fill in your environment variables `cp .env-example .env` if you want to persist an authentication token (you don't have to do this step)
3. for app instructions run `npm start -- -h`
4. To run app `npm start -- --app=[app-name] --dev=[dev namespace] --test=[test namespace] --prod=[prod namespace] --repo=[repo name] --owner=[owner name]

Alternatively you may store these credentials in a `json` file and call
`npm start -- --file=[path to json file]`

```json
// config.json
{
  "app": "devhub-dev",
  "dev": "devhub-dev",
  "test": "devhub-test",
  "prod": "devhub-prod",
  "repo": "devhub-app-web",
  "owner": "bcgov",
  "token": "your oc token" 
}
```
> ENSURE TO NOT ADD YOUR CONFIG FILE AS APART OF THE REPO HISTORY IF YOU ARE INCLUDING THE TOKEN

`npm start -- --file=./config.json`

## I just got a list of numbers so what?

This list of numbers are all PR Numbers that are stale within your Openshift __Dev__ and __Tools__ namespaces.

With this you can pipe the results into other functions for automated cleanups. A great way to do this is by using xargs.

`npm start -- --file=./config.json | xargs -I {} mycleanupscript --namespaces=devhub-tools,devhub-dev --app=devhub --pr={}`

Commit message:

improve cleanup script with better feedback

readme.md, after:

## PR CLEANER

> Disclaimer: use at your own risk! This is very hardcoded and roughly done.

This project was made so that I could quickly interface with openshift cli and github to clean up open shift artifacts that were generated from the OCP-CD/CI Pipeline. There are many situations
in which the development namespace gets littered with artifacts that eat resources. 

## How to get started

### Prerequisites

- NodeJS 10
- jq v1.5 `brew install jq` in mac osx `sudo apt-get update sudo apt-get install jq` in linux
- oc cli v3.9 (open shift cli)

### As a CLI
1. `npm install git+https://git@github.com/patricksimonian/openshift-stale-artifact-inspector.git
2.  run with cmd `oc-clean-stale-artifacts -h`
3.  you can run the tool with inline arguments or a json configuration file
```json
// config.json
{
  "app": "devhub-dev",
  "dev": "devhub-dev",
  "test": "devhub-test",
  "prod": "devhub-prod",
  "repo": "devhub-app-web",
  "owner": "bcgov",
  "token": "your oc token" 
}
```
> ENSURE TO NOT ADD YOUR CONFIG FILE AS APART OF THE REPO HISTORY IF YOU ARE INCLUDING THE TOKEN

`oc-clean-stale-artifacts --file=./config.json`

## I just got a list of numbers so what?

This list of numbers are all PR Numbers that are stale within your Openshift __Dev__ and __Tools__ namespaces.

With this you can pipe the results into other functions for automated cleanups. A great way to do this is by using xargs.

`npm start -- --file=./config.json | xargs -I {} mycleanupscript --namespaces=devhub-tools,devhub-dev --app=devhub --pr={}`
